as you may know I am the host of Who
Wants to Be a Millionaire here on ABC we
are moving to Thursday nights at 8
o'clock 7:00 central starting this
Thursday night did you know that kids
kids never mind we thought it'd be fun
to play another round of Who Wants to Be
a Millionaire what the kids you love
this right Jane this is Jane this is
Billy he's three years old Jane is five
years old are you ready to play Who
Wants to Be a Millionaire
I'm swings all right here we go what
should we play for last time we played
for a million pennies what should we
play for this time a million what what
do you think Jane a million quarters are
you crazy I don't have that kind of
money let's play for a million
jellybeans she'll be a million
jellybeans here we go for 10,000
jellybeans Jane in the movie frozen -
have you seen that movie what is the
name of the village where Elsa and Anna
live a Burbank B arendelle ariana grande
C or Funkytown
that is correct Jane very good next
question for 20,000 jelly beans which
planet in the Solar System is the
gaseous is it you know it already
Cooper is correct very good Jane the
next question from 40,000 jelly beans
and James in the Giant Peach
what are the names of James's horrible
ants a sponge and Speicher
Bartles and Jaymes Cruella and chippy or
diamond and silk
aunt Spiker net sponges correct Jane
very good
your uptick 75 thousand jelly beans
finish this motto from paw patrol let's
let Billy answer this one no job too big
no building too tall no pup too small no
cat too fat no way Jose
Billy which is it no pup too small is
absolutely right Billy very good
congratulations guys
the next questions for a hundred fifty
thousand jelly beans which of the
following dinosaurs is a carnivore is it
Stegosaurus brontosaurus t-rex or Barney
t-rex
that's right Wow we are doing great for
250 thousand jelly beans which of the
following words is Billy's favorite one
to say is it pizza naptime diarrhea or
daddy Billy loves diarrhea right Billy
500,000 jelly beans Jane you just
learned about this in zoom school which
American artist was famous for splashing
paint on canvas is it Andy Warhol
Jackson Pollock Georgia O'Keeffe or
diarrhea is that which is your final
answer Jackson Pollock is correct very
good Jane and finally for 1 million
jelly beans who in our family toots the
most is it a mommy B mommy see mommy or
D mommy what oh my goodness I'm gonna
have to go to the judges oh boy the
judges say you're right congratulations
you
jellybean so that's how it goes who
wants to be a millionaire now in the
family our eight o'clock 7:00 central on
ABC starting this week
we'll be right back
[Music]